In this video I'll demonstrate how to create a V-Amp so V-Amp is simply a container for a group of related
virtual machine.
So I'm going to click on this ESX host I should say I'm going to right click on this ESX I host and
I'm going to go to new Wii app and I'm going to create a new app.
Right.
So you get to create a new Wii app I'll hit next.
And this is really straightforward.
I'm going to call it trainer test dot com.
Ty tier app.
Right so we've got some kind of multi-tier application that requires multiple virtual machines.
And I'll go hadn't hit next here.
And what I'm going to do at this point is configure the resource allocation settings for this Wii app
so the app is a container.
I'm going to drag and drop multiple virtual machines into this app and they will all share the resources
of the app so I may want to give this virtual appliance high number of shares or a high number of memory
shares or maybe I want to do something different like maybe I say hey this app I need to set a memory
limit on this thing just so it doesn't get completely out of control.
Right.
So I'll set up a 1 gig memory limit on this or I can configure these resources and they will be applied
to the group of virtual machines that are contained within this V-Amp.
Just like a resource pool.
OK.
So I had to get rid of that memory limit and I'll hit next and I'll finish.
So those resource controls are very much the same as you would get with the resource pool.
So now that I've successfully created my Wii app I'm going to start to drag and drop some of my virtual
machines into the Wii app and you can simply drag and drop right.
It's easy to do in the Wiis for web client just simply click on them and drag them up to the train or
testate multi-tier app.
And now I've got three virtual machines contained within the app.
So now you can start to do the really cool stuff here.
Right click this Wii app and I'm going to go to edit settings and let's say this is a multi-tier application
so I need my database to start first.
I need my app to start second.
And indeed my web server to start Third while I can do that.
Right.
So you can see here the order that it's been put in.
I'm actually going to change this order real quick of my app up move my web down and what's going to
happen is Group 1 is going to boot up first and group 2 will only boot up once either 120 seconds have
elapsed or when VM Ware tools are ready this virtual machine.
So that's that's the configuration I'm going to do.
And then group two will then start booting up and once group two has had 120 seconds or maybe I make
it 240 seconds write whatever I need to do there.
That group of virtual machines will be given some time to boot up and then group 3.
And so that's really the biggest use case for a Wii app.
Right.
Is to control power on and power off order for a multi-tier application.